chore: add table lab project (#503)
freeCodeCamp/CurriculumExpansion: frontend-cert/html-projects/book-catalogue-table/user-stories.md

1. You should create a `table` element.
1. Your table should have a `thead` element.
1. Within the `thead` element, you should have a `tr` element.
1. Inside the `tr` element, you should have four `th` elements for `Title`, `Author`, `Genre`, and `Publication Year`.
1. Your table should have a `tbody` element.
1. Within the `tbody` element, you should have at least five `tr` elements.
1. Inside each `tr` element, you should have four `td` elements for `Title`, `Author`, `Genre`, and `Publication Year` filled with the appropriate data.
1. Your table should have a `tfoot` element.
1. Within the `tfoot` element, you should have a `tr` element.

> 1. Inside the `tr` element, you should have a `td` element with the `colspan` attribute set to `4` and the text `Total Books: 5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Inside the `tr` element, you should have a `td` element with the `colspan` attribute set to `4` and the text `Total Books: [number of books in your table]`.
```
